Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[ominous ambient music]
[ambient music transition]
[atmospheric biking sounds]
[river sounds over dark ambient music]
[rolling bicycle over dark ambient music]
[sound of unlocking door]
[bicycle rolling over creaking floor]
[door closing]
[turns on light switch]
[flipping over bicycle]
[heavy breathing]
[scarf lands on bed]
[ambient music intensifies]
[record being placed on record player]
[record player arm placed on record]
[Noise-A-Tron's "Seven" plays]
[spooky ambient transition over crow calls]
[ambient music intensifies]
[menacing music transition]
[high-pitched whirring over ambient music]
[turns off light switch]
[sound of photo dropping on floor]
[photos continue dropping on floor]
[sound of Lana grabbing coat from rack]
[ambient music transition]
[door creaks open]
[door slowly creaks closed]
[melodic ambient music]
[crickets and river over ambient music]
[disharmonic ambient music cue]
[quiet breathing sounds]
[sounds of bicycle rolling. footsteps]
[sounds of forest and light traffic]
[Andrew knocks on door]
[Andrew knocks again]
[door shakes]
[Andrew's ringtone plays on Lana's phone]
[sounds of moving bicycle. footsteps]
[sounds of moths flying around light]
[muffled footsteps]
[muffled sounds of unlocking door]
[window creaks open]
[suspenseful ambient music]
[heavy breathing]
[spooky music cue]
[ambient music transition]
[intense wind over dark ambient]
[ambient music fades into white noise]
[disharmonic ambient music]
[picks up glass]
[sound of reverberating falling glass]
[spooky music cue]
[reverberating sounds of cicadas]
[ambient music intensifies]
[melancholic disharmonious ambient begins]
[Otto] Vame.
[Otto] Vame tu sangre.
[sound of tear falling]
[dark ambient music intensifies]
[ambient transitions into a scream]
[scream fades into white noise]
[white noise]
[reverberating breathing ambient]
[heavy breathing intensifies]
[sounds of climbing a ladder]
[sounds of echoing vape and ambient music]
[Andrew] What happened?
[intense ambient music begins]
[Lana] You should go.
[ambient music transition]
[disharmonic pulsating ambient]
[wind whooshes over dark ambient]
[sound of bandage being ripped off]
[ambient music becomes very intense]
[Andrew's photo drops on floor]
[breathing sounds]
[sounds of light rain and quiet ambient]
[ambient music becomes stronger]
[ambient music becomes very dysphoric]
[pulsating dark ambient]
[rain]
[transition into morning sounds]
[transition into wintery ambient music]
[ambient music builds]
[void ambient]
[pulsating sounds over ambient]
[sinister ambient]
[sinister ambient continues]
[sinister ambient fades out]
[wind sounds]
[wind sounds continue]
[pulsating spooky ambient cues in]
[Otto puts on coat]
[Otto and Lana climb ladder]
[fading in sounds of water]
[suspenseful ambient cue]
[water sounds reverberate]
[water sounds intensify]
[ambient transition]
[sounds of sliding clothing on rack]
[sounds of stormy rain]
[ambient rain sounds]
[thunder rumbles]
[ambient transition]
[resonating breathing sounds]
[suspenseful ambient mosquito sounds]
[ambient intensifies]
[Otto] Lana se fue.
[Otto laughs]
[Otto laughs over dark ambient]
[ambient fades out]
[quiet morning ambient]
[door opens quietly]
[Lana's muffled scream]
[pulsating spooky ambient music cue]
[spooky ambient music continues]
[spooky ambient fades out]
[light traffic and river sounds]
[traffic sounds]
[high pitched music cue]
[record player being turned on]
[Tonetta's "Does Anybody Know I'm Here?"
begins playing]
♪ I've come upon this quicksand ♪
♪ I started going down ♪
♪ I grabbed in all directions ♪
♪ there's nothing all around ♪
♪ And I keep sinking deeper ♪
♪ keep slowly sinking deeper ♪
♪ and calling out hoping
someone might be near ♪
♪ hey does anybody know I'm here? ♪
♪ I've fought in battles I don't start ♪
♪ severed from head to toe ♪
♪ the will to live now destroyed ♪
♪ but who had been the fool ♪
♪ Now life is slowly fading ♪
♪ I guess everything is fading ♪
♪ it's all been in vain.
so I'll shed a tear ♪
♪ hey does anybody know I'm here? ♪
♪ I'm leaving my legacy behind ♪
♪ my life forgone gobs of pain ♪
♪ my canvass ablaze with trumpets ♪
♪ of angels. lords and saints ♪
♪ All I knew outside this room ♪
♪ this distant and dismal room ♪
♪ though they'll be known
in some future year ♪
♪ hey does anybody know I'm here? ♪
♪ This cyclone that I'm riding ♪
♪ seems headed for a crash ♪
♪ could dive into some plain ♪
♪ I could blow up in a flash ♪
♪ And on here I am stuck ♪
♪ on here we're all stuck ♪
♪ is it possible to end this
ride of fear...? ♪
♪ hey does anybody know I'm here? ♪
[music continues to repeat]
[music slowly fades out]
[moth sounds]
[moth sounds continue]
[thermal ambient music transition]
[cricket sounds]
[disharmonic ambient music cue]
[ambient music transition]
[dramatic ambient music]
[dramatic ambient music continues]
[sounds of mosquito swarm over ambient]
[ambient fades out]
[Otto] Toma.
[ntense breathing sounds]
[breathing continues]
[muffled sounds of Lana struggling]
[dysphoric ambient music]
[Otto's death scream]
[wind sounds]
[Otto speaks in Spanish. unintelligible]
[breathing sounds]
[dark ambient music]
[final ambient music outro]